    https://medienpad.de/p/MVIT_Projects


Write your suggestions here:                             Namratha
We can create 
Please add your name on the top right corner button.

To track the location of any device using imei or mobile no. 

Various GUI APIs for different platforms
Custom theming an existing android app
Android custom ROM development
Bare metal programming
Automated scripts for windows(batch files) or linux/mac(shell scripts)
Gesture based mouse
Touch based keyboard (No mechanical keys)

Sudoku Game
Snake Game
Tic Tac Toe Game
Chess Game
 an app that serves the purpose of a travel guide to students and working class giving them details of the places in and around..like activities reviews and ratings as to best visited places by people who have visited and can also mention the timings for visit.
 
IOT: Raspberry PI, Arduino
Web Crawling using Python
Machine Learning using Python
Algorithms for foundation of AI and ML
Data structures with practical project applications
A personal website (Please discuss hosting options)  -github.io
Bootstrap (Web)
Springs (Web)
Various Design patterns used in the industry
Device that can turn any laptop into a touchscreen+1
App to turn Do Not Disturb mode off for certain people or on a condition like more than 3 calls from a specific person

Simple script to check wepages for any update as per a set of keywords at regular intervals that we are looking for and sends notifications via an email script. Can be used for checking for recruitments in companies, offers in ecommerce websites and maybe, even results on the VTU website.

We can create an app to check results and send it through sms

 web application providing the best resume designs to students in which user can fees in their data and create their resumes on the go.Further providing that info fed by students to different companies so that intrested companies can look for their preference and contachem directly..  

MVIT Tinder
 Registrer for flash sales
 Attendance page in our college website
app to check best prices for online products 

a

An

 we can make an app where in we add our friends and any one using that app and in a short radius can get notification of his/her presence and viceus when we are in the same but unaware of peers presence.including their location details so we can reach out to them.

 A database connected app which can browse and maintain details of various internship oppurtunities and keep getting updated based on various interest details!

 A wellness based app which encourages people to take up startups and gives an organized plan to follow based on inputs of user by getting that relevant data from google or quora

an app using which i can use any system from remote place be it a mobile or computer or automatic machines from my own place

view browsing hsitory
 A script file that enables the user to vew the browing history (though the user is in incognito)

 Result of the whole section 
  A script file that cheks the results of all the students of same branch and  saves it in a PDF with their respective marks!!!(As it is difficult to mannuly search for the results and takes a lot of time)

An app to download videos from websites having videos with restrictions for downloading or probably videos which normal downloading apps cannot download from youtub

An application which gives you study plan when you given the number of days left and topics for exam

A temporary chat service. When you need a small chat room when you're going to the movies, or any other reason you can come up with, its a pain in the A to create a group on whatsapp and then remove it. Implementing a temp chat room is more simple in such cases. And if you build a simple web app like this, you could convert it to an android app(or even for IOS) in a matter of minutes using something like GoNative. 

An app to take attendance on the basis of face sensing.(we wont get proxys man)

An application

An app to find where the nearest parking in the area is available.

We can make a app that will captura

an application which predicts the crop growth and their total production rate based on the previous growth rate .it should use the present weather co
an application for college which provides details about all the upcoming events,clubs and lets he user register to it.Which also contains database for previous events like photos,videos at one place.

To build an app which accepts multiple  networks 
an operating system that can work as any os windows,linux,dos,ubantu all in one at a single platform.
Its an IOT project
I want to build a small robot which could dodge static objects as well as moving objects. For example, you 

 a ball at it and it dodges it

An intelligent software which judges your video by using video input and chatbot, then provides counselling advice 
 
A script which can change the background of the live sttrough motion detection.

An 

An application which can cut or save a small audio out of long audio just be pressing home screen or volume up/down button just like we take a screenshot. With this we can ever save just the audioS from YouTube (not the video) just by holding any two buttons. This may even eliminate the need to download songs , we can just listen it online holding any certain button and that audio will be saved. Basically we can save any audio which is playing in our phone just by pressing any button.


a virtual car where one can learn driving without damaging any living being or property


